We are Snap Inc. Careers Investors Snapchat Business Safety Snap AR Spectacles Developers Creators WE ARE A TECHNOLOGY COMPANY We believe the camera presents the greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. We contribute to human progress by empowering people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. OUR TOP PRODUCTS WHAT MAKES US CitizenSnap Our progress toward ESG goals and our continuous improvement Privacy and Safety We provide a safe, fun place for creativity and expression Careers We are a diverse team of designers, engineers and more Bitmoji Create your Bitmoji and be yourself wherever you go Careers We are a diverse team of designers, engineers and more Privacy and Safety We provide a safe, fun place for creativity and expression CitizenSnap Our progress toward ESG goals and our continuous improvement Bitmoji Create your Bitmoji and be yourself wherever you go Careers We are a diverse team of designers, engineers and more Privacy and Safety We provide a safe, fun place for creativity and expression WHAT IS HAPPENING AT SNAP Visit the Newsroom CitizenSnap Other Terms & Policies Privacy Policy Terms of Service Language English (US)

















Privacy Policy | Snapchat Privacy Privacy, Safety, and Policy Hub Policy Policy Your resource for understanding the rules and policies across Snapchat. Community Guidelines We created these guidelines to encourage the broadest range of self-expression, while striving to make sure Snapchatters can use our services safely every day. Content Guidelines Additional standards for algorithmic recommendation beyond the creator’s friends or subscribers Creator Monetization Policy Content must adhere to the policies to be eligible for monetization. Advertising Policies These apply to all aspects of advertisements served by Snap. Commercial Content Policy Applies to commercial content on the Snap platform other than ads served by Snap. Privacy Privacy Policy This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Privacy Principles At Snap, we make your privacy a priority. We know your trust is earned every time you use Snapchat, or any of our other products and Services. Privacy by Product Saving Snaps was designed with privacy in mind. You control whether your Snaps can be saved within Snapchat. Privacy Through Security Features and recommendations to help secure your account. Teens on Snapchat Additional protections for teens on Snapchat. Snap and Ads How we collect, use, and share your data with respect to ads. Privacy Center Privacy policies tend to be pretty long — and pretty confusing. That’s why we did our best to make our Privacy Policy brief, clear, and easy-to-read! Learn More Safety Safety Center Here are some steps you can take to help stay safe! Safety Policies We created these safety policies to help our community enhance their relationships with friends, family, and the world. Safety Resources We work with industry experts and non-governmental agencies to provide resources and support to Snapchatters in need. Safety Advisory Board Meet Snap's Safety Advisory Board members Council for Digital Well-Being Meet Snap's Council for Digital Well-Being Digital Well-Being Index Snap's Digital Well-Being Index highlights Gen Z's attitudes and perceptions about life online. Information for Law Enforcement Snap is committed to assisting law enforcement while respecting the privacy and rights of our users. Financial Sextortion We work with industry experts and non-governmental agencies to provide resources and support to Snapchatters. Report a Safety Concern If you ever experience harassment, bullying, or any other safety concern, you can always report it right to us. Information for Parents The Parent’s Guide to Snapchat covers how Snapchat works, the key protections we offer for teens, how to use our parental controls, and answers common questions. Learn More Transparency Transparency Report Transparency Report Twice a year, we publish transparency reports to provide insight and visibility into the nature and volume of content and accounts reported to us. Glossary Definitions of commonly used terms, policies, and operational practices discussed in our transparency report. Previous Reports Transparency Report archives Regional Information European Union EU specific information California California specific information Australia Australia specific information India India specific information Resources Researchers Access for researchers Ads Gallery Find European Union ads that delivered in the last 12 months and commercial content that’s live right now. About In our Transparency Report, we disclose data regarding our safety efforts across our platform. Here we provide additional context and insight into our safety principles, policies, and practices, as well as links to various safety and privacy resources. Learn More News Privacy Privacy Privacy Center Privacy Principles Privacy by Product Privacy Policy Teens on Snapchat Snap and Ads Privacy Through Security We've updated our Privacy Policy, effective April 7, 2025. You can view the prior Privacy Policy, which applies to all users until April 7, 2025, here . Privacy Policy Effective: April 7, 2025 Welcome to Snap Inc. ’s Privacy Policy. This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Looking for a quick summary on our privacy practices? Check out this page or this video . If you’re looking for specific product privacy information, for example, how we process your Chats and Snaps, take a look at our Privacy by Product page. In addition to these documents, we also show in-app notices that provide you more information about our products and services. And if you’re a Spectacles user you can learn more on how we collect and use your data in the Spectacles Supplemental Privacy Policy . Transparency is one of our core values at Snap. We believe there shouldn’t be any surprises about the data we collect and how we use it — that’s why we’re upfront with how we process it. For example, we process your information to provide you a more personalized experience, including to show you content and information that is most relevant to your experience, as well as more relevant advertisements. Understanding your interests and preferences help us provide a better product experience. Furthermore, we believe a personalized experience should not come at the expense of your privacy. Just like in real life, there are some moments you want to share privately with your close friends, and others that you want to share publicly. That’s why from day one our philosophy has been to delete content by default and to give Snapchatters control by providing the tools that allow them to decide what happens with their content, like who to share it with or when to save it. This Policy covers our Snapchat app as well as our other products, services, and features, such as Bitmoji, Spectacles, and our advertising and commerce initiatives. When you read "Services" in this Policy, we’re talking about all of them. Also, if you see us refer to our "Terms," we mean the Terms of Service that you agree to when you sign up for our Services. Finally, if you see the term "Snapchatter" we are often using that as shorthand for any user of our Services. Let’s get started with the controls you have over your information: Control Over Your Information Control over your information and settings is a core part of Snapchat experience. You can access, update, and delete your information, decide who can contact you, and download your data from within the Snapchat app. Below, we give you more details on the types of settings that are available, link out to our data download tool, and provide instructions on how to delete data or your account. We want you to be in control of your information, so we provide you with a range of tools, including: Access and update your information. You can access and edit most of your basic account information right in our Services. Just navigate to your settings and you will see the options available to you. Delete your information. If you want to delete your account, learn how here . You can also delete some information within our Services, like content you’ve saved to Memories, content you’ve shared with My AI, Spotlight submissions, and more. Control who can see your content. We’ve built a number of tools that let you choose who you share your content with. In some cases you may want to share content with your friends, and in other instances you may want to share it with the public. To learn more, go here . Control who can contact you. Snapchat is intended for close friends and family, that’s why we’ve built controls that help you decide who can contact you. If you receive unwanted communications, you can always block and report that person. Go here to learn more. Change your permissions. In most cases, you can change your permissions at any time. For example,  by default you are findable to others through your phone number and/or email address that you provided. If you no longer want to be findable, you can always change your settings. Or if you provided access to your phone or third party platform contacts to make friending easier, you can change that later on in your app settings. Of course, if you do that, certain features and Services, like finding friends in your contact book, won’t work. Opt out of promotional messages. You have the option to opt out or unsubscribe from promotional emails and messages sent by SMS or other messaging platforms. To do so, just follow the instructions in the message like an unsubscribe link or similar functionality. Download your data. You can make a request in our Download My Data tool to export a copy of your Snapchat information. Object to processing. Depending on where you live and the particular data we are processing, you may have the right to object to our processing of that information. This gets a bit technical, so we’ve explained it in more detail here . Set advertising preferences. We try to show you ads that we think will be relevant to your interests, but if you’d like to have a less personalized experience, you can change your advertising settings in the Snapchat app. Learn more here . Tracking. If you use an iPhone with iOS 14.5 or above, some specific requirements apply, which we’ve specified here . Information We Collect This section provides you with details on what information we collect: what you provide to us, what we collect when you use Snapchat, and information we receive from other companies or apps you’ve connected to your Snapchat account. Sometimes, we may also collect additional information, with your permission. When you use our Services, such as Snapchat, we collect information you provide to us, generate information when you use our Services, and in some cases receive data from others. Let’s break these down in more detail. Information You Provide Many of our Services require you to set up an account. To do this, we ask you to provide us with account details (information about you, like your name, username, email address, birthday, and phone number). When you set up your profile, you’ll also provide us with profile details (like your Bitmoji and profile picture). If you use our commerce products to buy something, like those latest sneakers, we may ask you for payment and related information (like your physical address, so we can ship the product to you, payment information, so we can process the payment, and transaction history). Of course, you’ll also provide us with information you send through or save within our Services, including content and information about that content, and content you share and generate with our AI Features (content, or “Inputs,” including text, images, video, audio, precise location, and engagement, used to generate content and responses, or “Outputs”). We consider some of this information to be private content and communications (like Snaps and Chats with friends, voice and video calls, and content that is saved in My Eyes Only). Or content you share with a particular audience like private & friend stories (My Story set to Friends, Private Stories). On the other end of the spectrum, some of the information you send through or save within our Services may be public content that is accessible to everyone (such as Public Story content, including My Story set to Everyone, Shared Stories, and Community Stories, Spotlight or Snap Map submissions, and Public Profile information). Keep in mind that Snapchatters who view your Snaps, Chats, and any other content, can always screenshot that content, save it, or copy it outside the Snapchat app. So please don’t send messages or share content that you wouldn’t want someone to save or share. Lastly, when you contact Support (content and communications shared with Support) or our Safety team, or communicate with us in any other way, including through our research efforts (like responses to surveys, consumer panels, or other research questions) we’ll collect whatever information you provide or that we need to resolve your question. Information We Generate When You Use Our Services When you use our Services, we collect information about which of those Services you’ve used and how you’ve used them. This helps us better understand the way our community uses our Services so that we can make improvements. This includes usage information (information about how you interact with our Services — for example, which Lenses you view and apply, your premium subscriptions, Stories you watch, and how often you interact with other Snapchatters) and content information (information about content you create or provide, your engagement with the camera and creative tools, your interactions with My AI, and metadata — for example, information about the content itself like the date and time it was posted and who viewed it). Content information includes information based on the content of the image, video, or audio — so if you post a Spotlight of a basketball game, we may use that information to show you more content on Spotlight about basketball. This also includes device information (such as your hardware or software, operating system, device memory, advertising identifiers, apps installed, browser type, information from device sensors that measure the motion of your device or compasses and microphones, including whether you have headphones connected, and information about your wireless and mobile connections), location information (IP address), information collected by cookies and similar technologies , depending on your settings, (cookies, pixels (small graphic data that recognize user activity, such as if and how often a user has visited a website), web storage, unique advertising identifiers), and log information (such as details about how you’ve used our Services, access times, pages viewed, IP address, and unique identifiers like cookies). If you’ve explicitly granted device-level permissions, device information may also include information about your device phonebook (contacts and related information), images and other information from your device’s camera, photos, and microphone (like the ability to take photos, videos, view stored photos and videos, and access the microphone to record audio while recording video), and location information (precise location through methods like GPS signals). Data We Receive From Others The last category of data we collect is information about you that we may receive from others, such as other users, our affiliates , and third parties. This includes linked third-party service data (information we get when you link your Snapchat account to another service), data from advertisers (information from advertisers, app developers, publishers, and other third parties to help target or measure the performance of ads), contact info from other Snapchatters or third parties (if another Snapchatter uploads their contact list which includes your information, we may combine that with other information we have about you to better understand who you may want to communicate with. Or, if you provide us with your contact information, we may use that to determine if we can communicate with you in other ways, like SMS, email, or other messaging services), and data relating to potential violations of our Terms (we may receive information from third parties, including website publishers, social network providers, law enforcement, and others, about potential violators of our Terms of Service and Community Guidelines). Other Information, With Your Permission Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask your permission to collect additional information. For example, before accessing your device’s camera roll or your device or third party contact book. How We Use Information This section explains how we use the information we collect. Among other things, we use the information we collect to provide you with personalized products and Services that we work hard to build and improve. Below, we walk through each purpose for which we use information in detail. If you’d like to see a mapping of the data we collect with the purposes for which we collect it, we have a table here . Keep Things Up & Running (i.e., operate, deliver, and maintain our Services) We use the information we collect in order to operate, deliver, and maintain our Services. For example, by delivering a Snap you want to send to a friend or, if you share your location on Snap Map, to show you suggestions like places you might like in your neighborhood, content others have posted to the Map, or your friends if they’re sharing their location with you. We also use some of your information to help keep our products up to date, for example to make sure that our Services work with the latest operating systems and devices. Personalize Your Experience & Give Context We offer personalized Services to Snapchatters. One of the ways we do this is by showing you content that is relevant to you or we think you may enjoy based on the information you share with us. To do so, we use information about you across different areas of the Services in order to add context to your Snapchat experience. For example, we automatically tag content with labels based on the content, your location, or the time of day. So if there's a dog in the photo, it may be searchable in Memories by the term “dog,” show up on the Map at the location where you created the Memory, and inform us that you’re into dogs so we can surface you fun dog videos and dog food ads in other parts of our Services, such as Spotlight. Personalization can also help with suggesting friends or recommending a new friend to send a Snap to based on who you Snap with the most. We may show recommended places on the Snap Map, generate stickers, or even generate Snaps and other content using AI, infer your interests based on your content or activity, or customize the content we show you, including ads. For example, if you watch barista content on Spotlight, talk to My AI about your favorite espresso machine, or save a lot of coffee-related Snaps in your Memories, we may highlight coffee shops on the Snap Map when you visit a new city or show you content about coffee that you may find interesting or relevant. Or, if you interact with a lot of music venues we may use that to show you ads for upcoming shows in town. Personalization also includes tailoring your experience based on who you interact with most and what your friends are doing, including showing you content your friends create, like, or enjoy on Spotlight or Place recommendations that are popular with your friends. Our goal is to continuously provide you with more relevant and interesting content. For example, if you watch a lot of sports content, but skip content with hair and makeup tips, our recommendation algorithms will prioritize sports, but not those makeup tips. You can learn more about how we understand Snapchatter preferences and rank and moderate content here . We believe it is critical to also balance the benefits of personalization with our Snapchatters’ expectations of privacy. For example, we may automatically tag the Snaps you save to Memories based on the content within it (e.g., the Snap contained a dog), and then use that tag to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads (such as showing you Spotlight Snaps containing dogs). We do not use the private content and communications you send to your friends to personalize your experience, make recommendations, or show you ads. Provide Relevant Ads Another way we provide a personalized Service is through the ads we show. We use your interests and preferences from the information we’ve collected to personalize, target, and measure ads. We think ads are best when they’re relevant. That’s why we try to select the right ads and show them to you at the right time. For example, if you’ve interacted with ads for video games, we will infer that you like video games, and show you similar ads, but those won’t be the only ads you see. Similar to our content strategy, we try to ensure you receive a variety of ads. We also use your information to avoid showing you ads you probably won’t be interested in. For example, if a ticketing site tells us you’ve previously bought tickets for a movie — we can stop showing you ads for it. You can learn about the different types of advertising and your choices about which ads you receive here . You can learn more about how we collect, use, and share your information for advertising purposes here . A note about information collected by cookies and other technologies : we may use these technologies to collect information when you interact with Services we offer through one of our partners. For example, we may use information collected on an advertiser’s website to show you more relevant ads. Most web browsers are set to accept cookies by default. If you prefer, you can usually remove or reject browser cookies through the settings on your browser or device. Keep in mind, though, that removing or rejecting cookies could affect the availability and functionality of our Services. To learn more about how we and our partners use cookies on our Services and your choices, please check out our Cookie Policy . Develop & Improve Features, Algorithms & Machine Learning Models Our teams are constantly coming up with new ideas for features and ways to improve our Services. In order to do this, we also develop and improve the algorithms and machine learning models (an expression of an algorithm that combs through significant amounts of data to find patterns or make predictions) that make our features and Services work, including through generative AI features (artificial intelligence capable of generating text, images, or other media, using generative models. Generative AI models learn the patterns and structure of their input training data and then generate new data that has similar characteristics). We use algorithms and machine learning models for personalization, advertising, safety and security, fairness and inclusivity, augmented reality, and to prevent abuse or other Terms of Service violations. For example, our algorithms and machine learning models take into account the conversations Snapchatters are having with My AI to improve the responses from My AI. Your information can help us decide what kind of improvements we should make, but we are always focused on privacy — and we don’t want to use more of your personal information than necessary to develop our features and models. Analytics In order to understand what to build or how to improve our Services, we need to understand trends and demand for our features. For example, we monitor metadata and trends about Group Chat use to help decide whether we should change parts of the feature, like the maximum size of a Group. Studying data from Snapchatters can help us see trends in the ways that people use the Services. This helps inspire us to improve Snapchat on a larger scale. We perform analytics in order to identify, monitor, and analyze trends and usage. Based on this information, we will, among other things, create information about our users to help us understand demand. Research We conduct research to better understand general consumer interests, trends, and how our Services are used by you and others in our community. This information, along with analytics (as we described above), helps us understand more about our community and about how our Services fit into the lives of those in our community. We also engage in research and development to develop new techniques and technologies (e.g., new machine learning models or hardware, such as Spectacles). The results of our research are sometimes used in features on Snapchat, and we sometimes publish papers about things like overall behaviors and consumer trends (which will only have aggregated data across our user base, and not contain any private information about you specifically). Enhance the Safety & Security of Our Services We use your information to enhance the safety and security of our Services, verify Snapchatter identity, and prevent fraud or other unauthorized or illegal activity. For example, we provide two-factor authentication to help protect your account and can send you email or text messages if we notice any suspicious activity. We also scan URLs sent on Snapchat to see if that webpage is potentially harmful, and can give you a warning about it. Contacting You Sometimes we’ll get in touch with you to promote new or existing features. This includes sending Snapchatters communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted. For example, we may use the Snapchat app, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms to share information about our Services and promotional offers that we think may interest you. Other times, we need to communicate with you to provide information, alerts, or to send messages our users ask us to deliver at their request. This may include sending communications through Snapchat, email, SMS, or other messaging platforms, where permitted, to deliver account status updates, security alerts, and Chat or friending reminders; it may also include fulfilling our user’s request to send invites or Snapchat content to non-Snapchatters. Support When you ask for help, we want to get you support as quickly as possible. In order to provide you, the Snapchatter community, and our business partners with the help needed to resolve issues with our Services, we often need to use the information we have collected to respond. Enforce Our Terms & Policies We use the data we collect to enforce our Terms and the law. This includes enforcing, investigating, and reporting conduct that violates our Terms, policies, or the law, responding to requests from law enforcement, and complying with legal requirements. For example, when unlawful content is posted on our Services, we may need to enforce our Terms and other policies. In some cases, we may also use or share your information to cooperate with law enforcement requests, escalate safety issues to law enforcement, industry partners, or others, or comply with our legal obligations. Check out our Transparency Report to learn more. Other Purposes, With Your Permission Additionally, there may be instances when you interact with our Services that we will ask for your permission to use your information in a new, different, or otherwise specific way. How We Share Information This section explains who we share information with, what that information may include, and the reasons for sharing that information, including when we need to transfer it outside of the country it was collected from. Recipients & Reasons for Sharing Snapchat. To provide our Services to you and our community, we may share your information with your friends on Snapchat or other Snapchatters. For example, the content you post to Stories, or your status as a premium subscriber, can be viewed by your Friends if you allow them. See the Control Over Your Information section and your Settings for the controls you have over who sees what and when. Family Center Participants. When you have enabled Family Center, we share information about the connected teen account to the parent or guardian to provide insight about how the account is used, for example, who your Friends are on Snapchat or which friends you may be sharing your location with. We do not share message content. Learn more . Public. Most of the features on Snapchat are private and for Friends only, but we also offer public features that allow you to opt in to showcase your best Snaps to the world, such as Spotlight, Snap Map, or your Public Profile. When you do this, those Snaps may also be discoverable outside of Snapchat, for example on the web. Some information, like your username and Bitmoji, are visible to the public. Learn more . Third-Party Apps. Sometimes we provide features that allow you to connect with third-party apps. If you decide to connect your Snapchat account with a third-party app, we will share any additional information you direct us to. Service Providers. We share your information with our service providers, who process that information on our behalf. For example, we rely on such Service Providers to facilitate payments, measure and optimize the performance of ads, or protect the services. We do not share private communications with them. We maintain a list of categories of service providers here . Business and Integrated Partners. We share your information with business and integrated partners in order to provide the Services. For example, you can use OpenTable within Snapchat to reserve a table. This does not include private communications. We maintain a list of these partners here . Anti-Fraud Partners. We share your information, such as device and usage information, with industry partners working to prevent fraud. Legal, Safety, and Security Partners. We share your information as necessary for the following legal, safety, and security reasons: comply with any valid legal process, governmental request, or applicable law, rule, or regulation. investigate, remedy, or enforce potential Terms of Service and Community Guidelines violations. protect the rights, property, or safety of us, our users, or others. detect and resolve any fraud or security concerns. Affiliates. Snap Inc. consists of different subsidiaries owned by us. We may share your information within those internal subsidiaries as needed to carry out our Services. For the purposes of a Merger or Acquisition. If we were to sell or negotiate to sell our business to a buyer or possible buyer, we may transfer your information to a successor or affiliate as part of that transaction. Integrated Partners Our Services may contain content and integrations offered by our integrated partners. Examples include integrations in Lenses, Camera editing tools, to provide Scan results, and third-party developer integrations. Through these integrations, you may be providing information to the integrated partner as well as to Snap. We are not responsible for how those partners collect or use your information. As always, we encourage you to review the privacy policies of every third-party service that you visit or use, including those third parties you interact with through our Services. You can learn more about our integrations in Snapchat here . On iOS we use Apple’s TrueDepth camera to improve the quality of Lenses. Note, however, that this information is used in real time — we don’t store this information on our servers or share it with third parties. International Data Transfers Our Services connect you with your friends around the world. To make that possible, we may collect your personal information from, transfer it to, and store and process it in the United States or other countries outside of where you live. Whenever we share information outside of where you live, we ensure safeguards are in place to protect the data as required by law where you live. If you want to learn more about this, see the Region Specific Information section for more details. How Long We Keep Your Information In this section we provide you with information on how long we keep your information, why we keep your information, and also highlight how we may need to keep your information to comply with laws, courts, and other obligations. As a general rule, we keep information as long as you tell us to, and otherwise as long as we need it to provide our Services, or as required by law. For example, if you store something in Memories, we will keep it as long as you need it, but when you Chat with a friend, our systems are designed to delete Chats you send within 24 hours after your friend reads it (unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save it). Whether we retain your data depends on the specific feature, your settings, and how you’re using the Services. Here are some more factors we consider when we decide how long to keep your information: If we need the information to operate or provide our Services. For example, we store your basic account details — like your name, phone number, and email address — to maintain your account. To do the things you expect from our Services and as we’ve described within this Privacy Policy. For example, we maintain your list of friends until you ask us to delete them since friends are key to expressing yourself. Similarly, we keep your shared list of contacts until you ask us to remove them in our app settings (note: updating your device permissions may not remove the contacts you’ve previously shared with Snapchat). Learn more . Conversely, Snaps and Chats sent in Snapchat will be deleted by default from our servers within 24 hours after we detect they’ve been opened by all recipients or have expired, unless you’ve changed your default settings or decide to save something, in which case we will honor your choices. The information itself. For example, we store location information for different lengths of time based on how precise it is and which Services you use. If location information is associated with a Snap — like those saved to Memories or posted to Snap Map or Spotlight — we’ll retain that location as long as we store the Snap. Pro tip: You can see the location data we retain about you by downloading your data . How long we need to retain the information to comply with certain legal obligations. If we need it for other legitimate purposes, such as to prevent harm, investigate possible violations of our Terms of Service or other policies, investigate reports of abuse, or protect ourselves or others. Take a look at our Privacy by Product page and support page for details on the specific retention periods for products. Although our systems are designed to delete some of your information automatically, we cannot promise that deletion will take place by a specific time. In some cases we need to comply with legal requirements to store your data which stops us from deleting your information. For example, if we receive a notice from a court asking us to keep a copy of your content. Other reasons we may keep a copy of your data are if we get reports of abuse or other Terms or policy violations, or if your account, content created by you, or content created with other Snapchatters is flagged by others or our systems for abuse or other Terms or policy violations. Finally, we may also keep certain information in backup for a limited period of time or as required by law. For the latest information about how long we store different types of content, check out our Support Site . Region Specific Information Depending on where you live, you may have additional rights, this section provides more details on region specific information. We do our best to keep our policies as simple as possible, but depending on where you live, you have some additional rights or there may be specific information that you should be aware of. Please take a look at the list below to see if any apply to you! Australia Brazil Canada Europe Mexico South Korea Turkey United States Note: The U.S. State Privacy Notice applies only if you are a resident of certain U.S. states that have implemented state-level privacy laws. Some jurisdictions require that we state our legal basis for processing data for particular purposes. You can find that information here . Our Audience Our Services are directed to individuals 13 years and older. Our Services are not directed to children under the age of 13, and you must confirm that you are 13 years or older in order to create an account and use our Services. If we have actual knowledge that you are under the age of 13 (or the minimum age at which a person may use the Services in your state, province, or country without parental consent, if greater), we will stop providing Services to you and delete your account and data. In addition, we may also limit how we collect, use, and store some of the information of Snapchatters under 18. In some cases, this means we will be unable to provide certain functionality to people under the age of 18. Updates to the Privacy Policy We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time, and will give you a heads up if we make any changes we think you should know about. We may change this Privacy Policy from time to time. But when we do, we’ll let you know one way or another. Sometimes, we’ll let you know by revising the date at the top of the Privacy Policy that’s available on our website and mobile application. Other times, we may provide you with additional notice (such as adding a statement to our websites’ homepages or providing you with an in-app notification). Contact Us Have any questions about the information here or wish to contact our Data Protection Officer (DPO)? You can contact us here . Company Snap Inc. Careers News Privacy and Safety Community Snapchat Support Spectacles Support Community Guidelines Advertising Snapchat Ads Advertising Policies Political Ads Library Brand Guidelines Promotions Rules Legal Other Terms & Policies Law Enforcement Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Report Infringement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Language English (US)











Machine Learning - Snap Inc. Who We Are Benefits At Snap, we do our best to make sure you and your loved ones  have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Culture We believe the camera presents the greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Diversity Read about our public commitment to diversity, equity, and inclusion in our annual Diversity Annual Report. Offices University Machine Learning Join Talent Community View Openings Machine Learning Engineering Build the future with cutting-edge technology and make an impact on millions of users worldwide Open Roles Our engineers utilize state of the art models and continually push the boundaries of what’s possible in Snapchat's content, monetization, infrastructure, features, and more! AI Lenses Unified Recommendations Dynamic Ads Machine Learning Engineering at Snap As a Machine Learning Engineer at Snap you’ll drive Snapchat’s dynamic experience through the full lifecycle of advanced state-of-the-art models -  from data preprocessing, feature engineering, and model training, to deployment and ongoing optimizations. You’ll leverage cutting-edge techniques, ranking algorithms for ad relevance, recommendation engines for personalized content and NLP for enhanced interactions - all while processing petabytes of data for over 850 million users. Through both classic and deep learning models, you’ll create precise, responsive experiences that empower users to express themselves, connect and discover the world in real-time. “The real benefit that Snap has is the size of our scale, and the breadth of influence and impact that people will have. You can run fast, have broad influence and actually see your work hit production with the right experimentation tools and infrastructure to be productive.” Explore Our Teams Our machine learning engineers solve real world ML problems. Monetization Content Core Growth Platform Trust & Safety Gen AI Monetization As a Machine Learning Engineer on the Monetization team you’ll build and optimize the entire ad ecosystem. You’ll drive high-relevance and high-impact for not only advertisers and users but for all of Snap. From designing high-performance systems for real-time bidding or ad serving and auctions, personalizing light and heavy rankers, creating solutions for ad targeting and delivery, you’ll continue to ensure seamless integration of ads across the platform. You’ll train models on billions of examples, using multi-task learning, sequence modeling, and user x ad interaction modeling. Our models predict user demographics to improve audience targeting with graph neural networks and content, to understand how our work shapes the future of Snapchat’s ad platform. What you’ll work on: AI-driven advertising New personalized ad products and experiences Owner of Snap’s main revenue driver Developing cutting edge ad products Content As a Machine Learning Engineer on the Content team you’ll work on developing features for highly visible short form video recommendation models that power the creativity and connection at the core of our platform like Stories and Spotlight. You’ll focus on enhancing user experience, driving innovation across Spotlight, Lens ranking, supporting content creators, and making content creation effortless. Our team tackles multi-modal content understanding, using advanced graph representation learning and content ranking to surface the best experiences for our users. We optimize machine learning models through human review and leverage state-of-the-art personalization techniques, placing us at the forefront of short form video content innovation. What you’ll work on: Personalized content recommendations Generative AI for content creation Develop features for highly visible products like Spotlight, Stories, Discover Feed & Friend suggestions Core Growth As a Machine Learning Engineer on the Core Growth team you’ll drive the search and friending experience across 15+ products, supporting over 100 million daily active users. Our team powers search for friends and content using advanced technologies, including graph databases, Large Language Models (LLMs), Mixture of Experts (MoE), and sophisticated machine learning stacks. You’ll develop search algorithms that connect users through friend and communication graphs, use visual and text embeddings for content discovery and enhance search with pretype recommendations that predict users queries. In addition to optimizing search infrastructure, the team’s friending products help users make real, meaningful connections to responsibly grow the Snapchat community. This work strengthens user engagement and retention, enabling other Snapchat features like messaging and story maps to flourish at scale. What you’ll work on: Create AR experiences Large scale system (5B notifications daily) Snapchat’s graph with 1+billion of nodes and hundreds of billions of edges Platform As a Machine Learning Engineer on the Platform Engineering team you’ll build models that provide timely, accurate, high quality and actionable data for decision making that forms the backbone of Snap's external reporting, experimentation, and ML/Ranking. Snap’s AI platform (aka Bento) powers many large scale ranking, recommendation, and Gen AI use cases. Over the past year, our scale of operations increased by 4-10X. You’ll develop embeddings that are consumed by downstream modeling teams. This team is mission critical to scaling and diversifying Snaps ML model offerings. What you’ll work on: Highly available, multi-cloud infrastructure Optimizing the entire developer experience Ship high-quality features fast Trust & Safety We want Snapchat to be a safe and positive experience for everyone who uses our platform or products. For this reason, we created rules and policies that explain the rights and responsibilities of all members of our community. What you’ll work on: Build Privacy-preserving AI Launch new safety features Generative AI Our Generative AI team is at the forefront of innovation, shaping the future of augmented reality (AR) through SnapAR, which includes Lens Studio, Lens Engine, and Lens Cloud. Our engineers build real-time advanced AI models and machine learning models for dynamic transformations, such as realistic filters, object recognition, and scene understanding, ensuring seamless AR interactions for products like ML Lenses and Dreams. Lens Studio 5.0 stands out as the leading developer platform for creating cutting-edge Lenses that blend generative AI with traditional computer vision techniques. Generative AI empowers creators to design engaging lenses effortlessly without requiring expertise in 3D modeling, animation or coding. What you’ll work on: Develop and optimize Generative AI Models Build AI-driven tools like text-to-3D generation Deliver generative AI and computer vision powered features Locations Our RTO (Return to Office) policy is 4 times per week hiring in these office locations Hear From Our Team We're Hiring! Our interview process covers engineering, foundational, and applied ML. Coding Expect to solve algorithmic problems that test your proficiency in data structures, algorithms, and problem-solving skills. Focus on your ability to write clean, efficient, and well-documented code. ML Fundamentals You’ll be assessed on ML theory and core machine learning models, concepts, techniques and applications. Be prepared to discuss supervised and unsupervised learning, recommendation systems, ranking, model evaluation metrics, and optimization techniques. ML Applied Design Evaluates your ability to design and apply machine learning solutions to real-world problems. You may be asked to walk through the end-to-end process of selecting models, feature engineering, and evaluating performance. At times this can test your ability to problem solve in an ambiguous environment. ML System Design The focus will be on designing scalable and robust ML systems that can handle large-scale data and production environments. Expect to discuss the infrastructure and trade offs in architecture, model deployment strategies and system monitoring. Our Interview Process Learn More Ad Ranking Machine Learning for Snapchat Ad Ranking Snapchat ad ranking aims to serve the... Spotlight Two-Tower Models Embedding-based Retrieval with Two-Tower Models in Spotlight Snap's ML Platform Introducing Bento Dive into our architecture, challenges, and solutions for MLOps at scale in this in-depth technical blog post. Snap's ML Platform Introducing Bento Dive into our architecture, challenges, and solutions for MLOps at scale in this in-depth technical blog post. Spotlight Two-Tower Models Embedding-based Retrieval with Two-Tower Models in Spotlight Ad Ranking Machine Learning for Snapchat Ad Ranking Snapchat ad ranking aims to serve the... Snap's ML Platform Introducing Bento Dive into our architecture, challenges, and solutions for MLOps at scale in this in-depth technical blog post. Spotlight Two-Tower Models Embedding-based Retrieval with Two-Tower Models in Spotlight Ad Ranking Machine Learning for Snapchat Ad Ranking Snapchat ad ranking aims to serve the... Ready to Build the Future? Open Roles Company Snap Inc. Careers News Privacy and Safety Community Snapchat Support Spectacles Support Community Guidelines Advertising Snapchat Ads Advertising Policies Political Ads Library Brand Guidelines Promotions Rules Legal Other Terms & Policies Law Enforcement Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Report Infringement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Language English (US)

















Community Guidelines Privacy, Safety, and Policy Hub Policy Policy Your resource for understanding the rules and policies across Snapchat. Community Guidelines We created these guidelines to encourage the broadest range of self-expression, while striving to make sure Snapchatters can use our services safely every day. Content Guidelines Additional standards for algorithmic recommendation beyond the creator’s friends or subscribers Creator Monetization Policy Content must adhere to the policies to be eligible for monetization. Advertising Policies These apply to all aspects of advertisements served by Snap. Commercial Content Policy Applies to commercial content on the Snap platform other than ads served by Snap. Privacy Privacy Policy This Policy explains how we collect and use your data and how you can control your information. Privacy Principles At Snap, we make your privacy a priority. We know your trust is earned every time you use Snapchat, or any of our other products and Services. Privacy by Product Saving Snaps was designed with privacy in mind. You control whether your Snaps can be saved within Snapchat. Privacy Through Security Features and recommendations to help secure your account. Teens on Snapchat Additional protections for teens on Snapchat. Snap and Ads How we collect, use, and share your data with respect to ads. Privacy Center Privacy policies tend to be pretty long — and pretty confusing. That’s why we did our best to make our Privacy Policy brief, clear, and easy-to-read! Learn More Safety Safety Center Here are some steps you can take to help stay safe! Safety Policies We created these safety policies to help our community enhance their relationships with friends, family, and the world. Safety Resources We work with industry experts and non-governmental agencies to provide resources and support to Snapchatters in need. Safety Advisory Board Meet Snap's Safety Advisory Board members Council for Digital Well-Being Meet Snap's Council for Digital Well-Being Digital Well-Being Index Snap's Digital Well-Being Index highlights Gen Z's attitudes and perceptions about life online. Information for Law Enforcement Snap is committed to assisting law enforcement while respecting the privacy and rights of our users. Financial Sextortion We work with industry experts and non-governmental agencies to provide resources and support to Snapchatters. Report a Safety Concern If you ever experience harassment, bullying, or any other safety concern, you can always report it right to us. Information for Parents The Parent’s Guide to Snapchat covers how Snapchat works, the key protections we offer for teens, how to use our parental controls, and answers common questions. Learn More Transparency Transparency Report Transparency Report Twice a year, we publish transparency reports to provide insight and visibility into the nature and volume of content and accounts reported to us. Glossary Definitions of commonly used terms, policies, and operational practices discussed in our transparency report. Previous Reports Transparency Report archives Regional Information European Union EU specific information California California specific information Australia Australia specific information India India specific information Resources Researchers Access for researchers Ads Gallery Find European Union ads that delivered in the last 12 months and commercial content that’s live right now. About In our Transparency Report, we disclose data regarding our safety efforts across our platform. Here we provide additional context and insight into our safety principles, policies, and practices, as well as links to various safety and privacy resources. Learn More News Community Guidelines Community Guidelines Overview Sexual Content Threats, Violence, & Harm Hateful Content, Terrorism, and Violent Extremism Harassment and Bullying Illegal or Regulated Activities Harmful False or Deceptive Practices Policy Center Community Guidelines At Snap, we empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. We created these Community Guidelines to encourage self-expression while helping Snapchatters stay safe. We want these guidelines to be clear and easy to understand. As noted in our Terms of Service , these guidelines are part of your contract with Snap and you must follow them. Please see our Terms of Service and check your local laws to make sure you are old enough to join our community. Note About Severe Harm While we prohibit all content or behavior that violates our Community Guidelines, we are especially concerned with violations that pose a risk of severe harm to Snapchatters. We disable accounts we identify engaging in such behavior. Guidance about what we consider to be severe harm and how we take action against it is available. Learn More Learn More Community Guidelines apply to all users and all content These guidelines apply to all content and all Snapchatters. This includes usernames and display names , text, images, videos, generative AI, links or attachments, emojis, Lenses and other creative tools, and all behavior on Snapchat. Snap offers generative AI features through our services. We implement safeguards designed to help keep generative AI content in line with our Community Guidelines. We also expect Snapchatters to use AI responsibly. We reserve the right to take appropriate enforcement action against accounts that use AI to violate our Community Guidelines or abuse our AI products. This can include termination of an account. In addition to our Community Guidelines, advertisers and media partners must comply with further guidelines. For example, their content must be accurate and, where appropriate, fact-checked. Developers are also subject to additional rules . We've outlined here and in our Terms of Service specific rules for content that is prohibited on Snapchat. We work to ensure these rules are applied consistently. When applying them, we take into account the nature of the content, including whether it is newsworthy, factual, and relates to a matter of political, social, or educational value. Additional context about how we moderate content and enforce our policies is available here . We also provide links to more detailed information about our Community Guidelines in each of the sections below. We want Snapchat to be a safe and positive experience for everyone. We reserve the right to decide, at our sole discretion, what content or behavior violates the spirit of our rules. While we have the right to review, moderate, or remove any content from our platform, we do not proactively review all of it. We cannot guarantee that other users will comply with our Community Guidelines or that our platform will be free of violating content. We strongly encourage Snapchatters to report any content that may be violating so that our teams can review and take appropriate action. Community Guidelines apply to all content and behavior on Snapchat's platform and products, and cover the following topics: Sexual Content We prohibit any activity that involves sexual exploitation or abuse of a minor, including sharing child sexual exploitation or abuse imagery, grooming, or sexual extortion (sextortion), or the sexualization of children. We report all identified instances of child sexual exploitation to authorities, including attempts to engage in such conduct. Never post, save, send, forward, distribute, or ask for nude or sexually explicit content involving anyone under the age of 18 (this includes sending or saving such images of yourself). We prohibit promoting, distributing, or sharing pornographic content, as well as commercial activities that relate to pornography or sexual interactions (whether online or offline). Breastfeeding and other depictions of nudity in non-sexual contexts are generally permitted. Learn More Threats, Violence, & Harm Encouraging or engaging in violent or dangerous behavior is prohibited. Never intimidate or threaten to harm a person, a group of people, or someone’s property. Snaps of gratuitous or graphic violence, including animal abuse, are not allowed. We don’t allow the glorification of self-harm, including the promotion of self-injury, suicide, or eating disorders. Learn More Hateful Content, Terrorism, and Violent Extremism Terrorist organizations, violent extremists, and hate groups are prohibited from using our platform. We have no tolerance for content that advocates or advances terrorism or violent extremism. Hate speech or content that demeans, defames, or promotes discrimination or violence on the basis of race, color, caste, ethnicity, national origin, religion, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, disability, or veteran status, immigration status, socio-economic status, age, weight, or pregnancy status is prohibited. Read Next Harassment and Bullying We prohibit bullying or harassment of any kind. This extends to all forms of sexual harassment, including sending unwanted sexually explicit, suggestive, or nude images to other users. If someone blocks you, you may not contact them from another Snapchat account. Sharing images of a person in a private space — like a bathroom, bedroom, locker room, or medical facility — without their knowledge and consent is prohibited, as is sharing another person’s private information without their knowledge and consent or for the purpose of harassment (i.e., “doxxing”). If someone is depicted in your Snap and asks you to remove it, please do! Respect the privacy rights of others. Please also do not harass another Snapchatter by abusing our reporting mechanisms, such as intentionally reporting content that is permissible. Learn More Illegal or Regulated Activities Don’t use Snapchat to send or post content that’s illegal in your jurisdiction, or for any illegal activity. This includes promoting, facilitating, or participating in criminal activity, such as buying, selling, exchanging, or facilitating sales of illegal or regulated drugs, contraband (such as child sexual exploitation or abuse imagery), weapons, or counterfeit goods or documents. It also includes promoting or facilitating any form of exploitation, including sex trafficking, labor trafficking, or other human trafficking. We prohibit the illegal promotion of regulated goods or industries, including unauthorized promotion of gambling, tobacco or vape products, and alcohol. Learn More Harmful False or Deceptive Information We prohibit spreading false information that causes harm or is malicious, such as denying the existence of tragic events, unsubstantiated medical claims, undermining the integrity of civic processes, or manipulating content for false or misleading purposes (whether through generative AI or through deceptive editing). We prohibit pretending to be someone (or something) that you’re not, or attempting to deceive people about who you are. This includes impersonating your friends, celebrities, public figures, brands, or other people or organizations for harmful, non-satirical purposes. We prohibit spam, including undisclosed paid or sponsored content, pay-for-follower promotions or other follower-growth schemes, the promotion of spam applications, or the promotion of multilevel marketing or pyramid schemes. We prohibit fraud and other deceptive practices, including the promotion of fraudulent goods or services or get-rich-quick schemes, or imitating Snapchat or Snap Inc. Learn More Information and Q&A How can I report something? You can always submit a report to our safety teams using our in-app reporting features or by completing this form , which allows you to report a concern whether you have a Snapchat account or not. We review these reports to determine violations of these guidelines. What happens if I violate the Community Guidelines? If you violate these Community Guidelines, we may remove the offending content, terminate or limit the visibility of your account, and/or notify law enforcement. Our policy is to refer information to law enforcement, potentially including relevant content and other account data, when we believe activity poses an imminent threat to human life. If your account is disabled for violating these guidelines, you are not allowed to use Snapchat again without our permission. Do you consider off-platform behavior? Snap reserves the right to remove or restrict account access for users whom we have reason to believe, in our sole discretion, pose a danger to others, on or off of Snapchat. Examples include convicted sex offenders, leaders of terrorist organizations, individuals who incite violence or perpetrate severe harms against others, or behavior that we believe poses a threat to human life. In evaluating such behavior, we may consider guidance from other sources, such as subject matter experts or law enforcement, in determining whether to remove or restrict account access. Where can I find more information? Please visit our Safety Center for more information about safety and well-being on Snapchat. There, you’ll find detailed instructions on managing your Snapchat experience, including taking actions like updating your privacy settings, choosing who can see your content, and blocking other users. Up Next: Sexual Content Read Next Company Snap Inc. Careers News Privacy and Safety Community Snapchat Support Spectacles Support Community Guidelines Advertising Snapchat Ads Advertising Policies Political Ads Library Brand Guidelines Promotions Rules Legal Other Terms & Policies Law Enforcement Cookie Policy Cookie Settings Report Infringement Privacy Policy Terms of Service Language English (US)












